I wouldn't blame you for thinking does
the world really need another handheld
gaming PC at this point but the Zotac
gaming Zone a prototype of which I'm
holding right now has a pretty unique
value proposition it's got a 7in screen
runs at
1080p okay that's not that impressive
but what is is that it runs at 120 HZ
and is AMOLED with a peak brightness of
800 nits meaning that's right HDR Mobile
gaming the only other system capable of
at this time I believe is the steam deck
OLED right I believe so we think so and
there's a lot more going on here for
starters both the joysticks and the
triggers are hall effect out of the box
so there's no need to upgrade and each
of them has a pretty cool party trick on
the joystick you're going to find a
little dial here which Zotac says can be
reprogrammed to do I don't know I guess
anything you like adjust your screen
brightness adjust the sensitivity of the
stick that's pretty sick and just like
we've seen on high-end controllers like
the Xbox Elite series The triggers can
be adjusted for either a long travel or
a short travel depending on whether you
need their analog functionality or you
just want them to act as a button and
while we're back here there's more to
like we've got a couple of programmable
rear buttons and look at that a little
kickstand so cute is it adjustable
though no luckily I can adjust to this
segue to our sponsor thanks to private
internet access for sponsoring our 2024
computex coverage their VPN network
spans across six continents in 91
countries letting you access your local
catalog of content from all over the
globe plus with a single subscription
you get unlimited connections making it
easy to run Pia on practically any
device we previously partnered with Pia
for years and they just concluded their
second security audit putting further
emphasis on your privacy and security so
go check out Pia using our Link in the
description for a special deal with a
risk-free 30-day moneybank guarantee the
good news is at least it's pretty
ergonomic in the hands there's a nice
swep shape to the bottom here and the
spiky bit doesn't end up digging into
your palm like it does on the first
generation Ally and since we're looking
at the front there's a lot more to like
here we've got a total of 1 two three
four five buttons on the front some of
which I believe can be remapped in their
software once it comes we've got two
touchpads which are for folks who want
to play uh realtime strategy games for
example and are considering something
like an Ally and this is cool for the
folks that are using these portable PCS
as their daily driver machine and they
need to I don't know conduct a zoom
meeting or something like that it's got
an integrated webcam that's flipping
awesome you could like stream from this
thing certainly has the horses for it
did I mention it's using amd's 8840 U
processor so you're going to have a
total of eight CPU cores and a 780m GPU
it's got 16 gigs of lpddr 5x memory a
512 gig SSD in the default configuration
full length though so you could put in a
much bigger one if you wanted to and has
a 48.5 wat hour battery which means that
it will be competitive with the Ally for
battery life but probably not that
competitive with the Ally x one thing
that's really thoughtful though is the
io up at the top we've got a fingerprint
sensor enabled power button volume
rocker headphone microphone combo Jack
USB 4 Port love to see it and I love
this another USB four port at the bottom
alongside a Micro SD slot this is great
I love having one at the top and one at
the bottom because when I'm lying in bed
I don't want to be plugged into the
bottom and when I'm sitting like this I
don't want to be plugged into the top I
don't want to have that drag love to
have the option there are some question
marks for me on a crowded show floor I'm
not going to be able to evaluate how
loud the cooling is or how good the
speaker sound but overall this seems
like a very compelling little package
wow that looks amazing
oh okay definitely don't have the
in-game settings tuned
but man my
friends look at the
sky HDR is such a Difference Maker fli
been awesome obviously I'm not going to
be able to evaluate on the color
accuracy of the screen in this
environment and even things like the
overall fit and finish and the
clickiness of the d-pad although I do
kind of like that click are not final
this is still very much an engineering
sample but it seems like they are well
on their way to a pretty competitive
looking device subscribe to Short
Circuit that's it video is over get out
of here